DOCS-10220-create-and-implement-nav-partials (#127)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/business-groups.adoc

[NOTE]
--

> When you log in to Anypoint Platform, you are returned to the business group where you were last active when you logged out of Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you log in to Anypoint Platform, you return to the business group where you were last active when you logged out of Anypoint Platform.
```
